Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Previously on "Robin Hood."
-It's your mother.
-I am Saxon.
You are more than that.
You could kill the Sheriff
a thousand times over.
but it will destroy you.
You're the one
that needs saving.
I'm not the enemy.
I didn't kill your father.
Stop it!
Stop it. the both of you!
I came to offer my sympathies.
I thought about you every day.
I will pray for you.
Will's heading
to court to begin
his apprenticeship as a page.
Might be that
you can go with him. Rob.
It falls to you to ensure
the garrison is incorruptible.
This is something
you will learn.
even if I must beat it into you.
What are you doing here?
Are you mad?
I wanted to see you.
Will you come away with me?
Yes. Rob. I will leave with you.
Will you now?
Aah!
I'm leaving for London.
to the court of Queen Eleanor.
Rob!
What are you doing here?
I'm here to say goodbye.
Where are you going
with that fancy bow. laddie?
-They're the King's deer.
-You're not gonna hit one.
What have you done? Go!
Or you will owe
the King your head!
Norman murderer.
ROBIN HOOD
Godda...
See him...
Make him your weapon.
Open the gate!
-Father?
-Stay in your room.
Move!
Get back!
What do we do?
Take him up the stairs.
And be quiet.
What's wrong?
It's Captain Lefors. sire.
He's been killed.
What?
How did it happen?
-We were attacked. sire.
-By whom?
Son of Locksley. my lord.
He was waiting for us
in the forest.
Revenge for his father. I'd bet.
Where's Locksley now?
Who did this?
Young Locksley.
My Lady.
Have his body
taken to the chapel.
Inform the bishop.
Alive!
I want a public execution!
Let's go!
Marigold means Mary's gold.
My favorite flower. in fact.
Father. what have I done?
Help me.
Godda. help me.
Where is the boy Locksley?
Rob?
We haven't seen him for days.
Which one was theirs?
What's going on?
They're looking for Rob.
My Lord. what did he do?
He's not there.
If Locksley shows his face.
you bring him to Nottingham.
He's wanted for murder.
You two.
ride to the Western Ridge.
You three. to Leicester.
The rest of you. follow me.
Where are you going?
To Gamewell's.
Milange. where have you been?
More men have been sent
to find Locksley.
Marian was with him
not long before she left.
She was sitting right there.
telling me about him.
Rob?
She snuck off to the forest
to be with him.
I think she loves him.
Then I hope
she knows how to grieve.
Because he's as good as dead.
I can't walk anymore.
These will help...
We've been walking
for three days.
The head... hands are burning.
Don't even think about it.
it's raw.
How are you gonna
catch a deer?
Hey. there.
Hey!
-I mean no ill.
-What do you want?
-I smelled the food.
-Put the bow down.
-You put the knife down.
-Bow first.
There's three of us.
-Is he all right?
-Just spooked.
-Right. Henry?
-Mm-hmm.
-What're you doing out here?
-I was hunting.
-Got lost.
-Well. how'd you find us?
I heard you. I think
the whole forest can hear you.
Don't matter.
-There's no one out here.
-Who're you?
I'm Rob.
-Of Sherwood.
-Sherwood?
This is the Western Ridge.
and it's ours.
-Tell that to King Henry.
-The only Henry I know
is my brother there.
and he ain't very royal.
-You a king's man?
-No. I'm Saxon.
You want some mole?
-You're eating mole?
-Easy to catch.
Henry clubs 'em
when they come out the ground.
Smells ripe.
And the three of you are...
The Miller brothers.
I'm Ralph. That's Drew.
He's Henry.
He doesn't say much. does he?
Not since the day he was born.
He speaks
in his own way. though.
Drew understands him.
gets along just fine that way.
Where's your ma and pa?
Dead.
Our pa's dead too.
Just our ma left now.
Widow Miller.
The sister of the woodcutter
whose daughter just married.
Yes. Isabel.
Henry showed his pecker to her.
Not funny.
We are out here because of you.
Henry shows
his pecker to people.
but only when he likes them.
I think my cousin showed his...
pecker to her. as well.
What happened to him?
Well. he got sent
to the palace in London.
Hmm. hear that. Henry?
You could've gone to the palace
and shown your pecker
to the Queen.
Not yet.
Be quiet...
Marian of Huntingdon?
I am Celene De Fitzou.
Dame d'Honneur to Her Majesty.
Is that all you have?
Very well.
have your men bring it.
Come on.
This is the east wing.
we house on the third floor.
Scullery is that way.
and garderobes over there.
-one on every floor.
-Every floor?
Yes. the King likes his garters
and visits them frequently.
Much happens there.
as I'm sure you can imagine.
I'd rather not.
This way.
You're on duty
from sunrise to sunset.
that means ready before dawn.
You start with bed duties.
I hope you know
what a privilege it is
-to dress the Queen's bed.
-Oh. yes.
I've been dreaming
about changing bedsheets
my entire life.
-Where are you from?
-Nottingham.
How many dresses did
you bring. Nottingham?
Uh. two.
Three. with the one I'm wearing.
Three dresses
to serve the Queen.
How quaint.
In time.
should you prove useful.
an allowance will be
made for more.
A girl may have as many dresses
as she has suitors.
If you're very fortunate.
you'll be asked
to visit the King
when he's here.
That is
what Eleanor grooms us for.
I'm joking.
His Majesty doesn't like maids.
You're a girl.
What I am is my business.
Hard enough fending
for my brothers out here alone.
No point in making it harder.
Well. you seem to be
fending just fine.
You're even hunting
without a bow.
Maybe tomorrow you can teach me.
-It's not so easy.
-Nothing ever is.
Not for me. anyway.
All right. we'll make you a bow.
Tomorrow then.
Did they capture him. Father?
Not yet.
He will be hard to find.
His kind are not like us.
We pass through the forest.
they are part of it.
No man can hide forever.
Even in the forest.
I cannot believe
Locksley would do such a thing.
Lefors was a captain
of the garrison.
His murder is
an affront to our name.
An affront to our name.
You chose to defile yourself
before marriage
with Lefors.
That child is
an affront to my name.
Put a reward on Locksley's head.
Let the peasants bring him in.
Now you give governance?!
What you suggest.
I have already done.
In the end. it's a reminder
to Nottingham
that we hold the noose.
Let the Saxons watch
Locksley swing...
and the rest will know
their place.
Did they say who?
They wouldn't send
soldiers like that
if he killed a Saxon.
They wouldn't care.
On my word
if I didn't tell Rob...
either he'd do some evil.
or some evil would be
done to him.
No one could see this.
What happened to Hugh. Joan.
-And now the boy.
-Like a terrible curse.
A curse will always
find evil in bad men.
Some are born wicked.
can't be helped.
We must find him.
Then what?
If he's murdered
one of the sheriff's men.
he's as good as dead.
No...
no. he's best off on his own.
If he knows what's good for him.
he'll stay in the forest.
And may God be with him.
He was a brave knight...
who fought beside me
in the Crusades.
May his Norman blood
purify the ground
where he is laid to rest.
Amen.
Be strong. Miss.
Huntingdon caused this. not you.
Three in a row.
Where'd you learn
to shoot like that?
My father.
He taught me
as soon as I could run.
He said
the bow teaches patience.
and never draw with anger
in your heart.
or you'll miss every time.
Taught you more
than archery. then.
Yes.
You ready?
The first thing.
mind your feet...
for you. right forward.
left squared.
And imagine a line
running through to your target.
And when you draw...
you pull air into your lungs.
That settles yourself.
And last...
you listen to the wood itself.
It speaks to you...
and tells you
when the tension is right.
It does?
Listen.
Do you hear it?
Hah! I-I hit it!
Only 'cause Rob was helping you.
Well. I let it fly.
He aimed it for ya.
-Oh. piss off!
-Go on. do it again then.
All right. I will.
Told you.
It takes practice.
I'll go fetch it.
Is that him? Look at the arrow.
We've got the bastard.
Run him down!
Hyah!
Hey!
Get the bastard!
Aah!
Fulke!
No! He'll kill us! Go!
We need to leave here.
We should cross over the river.
Horses can't follow us there.
You're one of us now.
Can't go no more.
Need to rest.
Go on.
Leave me water.
I'll ride fast. Yah!
Your Eminence.
An unexpected pleasure.
Is he here?
I come with grave news.
A heinous crime.
Indeed.
I know this boy.
I told the Sheriff
Locksley was a bad seed.
dangerous like his father.
He'll be made an example of.
And which part of the reward
would the Sheriff
like me to pay?
Oh. a hundred ducats.
For the head of a Saxon boy?
I could buy three fields
for a hundred ducats.
or 30 cattle.
It was your wish
to have Locksley arrested.
which gave birth
to a vengeful son.
who must now be caught
and hanged.
You are the father of all this.
For whatever one sows.
that shall he also reap.
You must do what is right.
And do you reap. my good bishop?
More coin than you can spend?
What did the Sheriff
promise you?
One of these days.
your belly will fall open.
and all of your greed...
will spill out.
Instead of contributing
to the reward.
I'll join the hunt.
I'll kill the boy.
and I'll take your half.
Where's Fulke?
Dead. Locksley got him.
Hear now!
The good Sheriff has
placed a reward
of 200 ducats
for the murderer
Robert of Locksley!
Hear now! The good Sheriff
has placed
a reward of 200 ducats
for the murderer
Robert of Locksley!
I saw him on the Western Ridge.
hiding out with the poachers.
Then he won't be
at the Western Ridge no more.
There's a criminal on the run
in Sherwood Forest.
The Sheriff and his men are
hunting him.
We will join in that hunt.
-It'll make men of you.
-Who is it?
Robert of Locksley.
The son of the man
who was hanged?
What did he do?
Murdered one
of the sheriff's men.
We should send word to Marian.
No. you'll not
send word to Marian.
You'll go with Bernard
and do exactly as he says.
Do you regret quarreling
with his father?
How dare you question me.
You think I'll send you away
to the palace like her?
No! I'll disown you.
make you Norman without a name.
then we'll see
what you question.
Get out.
Get them ready.
We need to find Locksley
before the Sheriff.
You said you'd be quick.
I lied terribly.
-And I'm not sorry.
-Neither am I.
You're warm as summer wine.
That's hardly my fault.
You're not much of a poet.
I'm still in training.
Ssh!
You'll awake the saints.
You promise to take me riding?
One more moment.
You said that multiple times.
I lie often.
It's a bad habit.
These. Marian.
are the servants' quarters.
Ignore the smell.
it's mostly perfume and...
Sin.
Hm.
As I was saying.
This is Marian of Huntingdon.
Marian...
Marian! Wait! It's Will.
I know. Will...
what are you doing here?
Moving up in life.
according to my father.
And you?
Moving down. according to mine.
What of Rob?
Have you any word? How is he?
Last I saw Rob was
a few weeks ago.
He was angry and quite lost.
It's a tragic thing
to lose both your parents.
And your cousin. too.
You'd do well
to forget Rob. Marian.
You'll make new friends here.
Trust me.
Then I look forward to sharing
stories of Sherwood with them.
For I miss the forest dearly.
Most of all.
I miss Rob.
Bled out.
-Should we bury him?
-No.
He's for the forest now.
-Sheriff.
-Huntingdon.
We heard the boy was spotted.
It was me
that saw him. sire.
Straight on west.
they ran from here.
"They"... so he's being helped.
There's more than one of them.
Can't be more
than half a day ahead of us.
If they're going west.
they're headed
for the River Trent.
They'll try and cross it.
believing Sherwood will
offer them safety.
And the forest will.
if they get deep enough into it.
We'd like to join the hunt
to ensure they don't.
Gerold. take six of your men
and ride east
with Earl Huntingdon.
We'll come from the west
in case they try and cut back.
And Huntingdon...
don't try and cross it
before we get there.
We don't know how many
Locksley is running with.
As you wish.
Hep!
Let's rest here.
Don't think I'm the only one
was keeping a secret.
Who are you?
'Cause you ain't
no hunter got lost.
You're hiding from something.
The Sheriff's after me.
What did you do?
-No. it doesn't matter...
-It does to us.
If he comes looking.
Well...
whatever it was you did...
the forest don't care.
Sst!
Is that them?
Go get them!
You pretty quick
with that blade?
Quick enough.
Why no one's ever tried me.
Got beat up bad once.
Real bad.
Didn't even see it
coming. just...
took up a knife after that.
People think twice
when they see steel.
Evens a lot out.
Mmm.
What's wrong?
He thinks the dogs are coming.
To the ravine.
Make for the water.
Locksley!
Call the dog off!
Or we'll kill him. then you!
Who are you?
I'm John Nailer. You?
I'm Ralph. the Miller's son.
So. which one of you is
Locksley. then?
His family's looking for him.
What family would that be?
Ah.
So you'd be Locksley then?
No.
He's our brother too.
I'll hear it from him.
You'd best be on your way.
You. down!
Enough.
-Call the dog off.
-Another move.
-and I'll kill him.
-What do you want with him?!
The reward...
that's on his head.
Now go about your business.
I ain't trying
to hurt any of ya.
but I will.
You won't get to Nottingham.
Hyap!
Come on. dear. don't dilly.
Right. changed every
three months in the summer.
but once a month in the winter
because of damp.
And you want the straw first
to get rid
of the bugs and vermin.
Mind you. plenty more vermin
still find their way
into this bed.
Isn't the Queen devoted
to the King?
How else do you think she rules
a kingdom from here to...
I'm not even sure where it ends.
By her crown and title?
With Eleanor.
it's more than that.
She's more than that.
She's coming.
Quick-quick-quick!
Quickly. Everyone.
take your positions.
Celene.
Your Highness.
-The new one.
-Arrived. Your Highness.
-Finally.
-Hmm.
Leave us.
That one's like a wanton dog.
You too. Celene.
And that one a sly cat.
There's much wildlife at court.
as you will learn.
You're Marian of Huntingdon.
Your father was gifted
an estate outside Nottingham.
Locksley Manor.
for his bravery at Mount Cadmus.
And now... an earldom.
I remember your father.
I was there.
First queen to command
a crusade to the Holy Land.
-Do you know where that is?
-Yes. Your Highness.
-You can read and write.
-I can. Your Highness.
-Do you speak French?
-Yes.
-Norman?
-Not as well.
-Hmm.
Are you still a child
or yet a woman?
Your Highness?
Have you been with a man?
A child then.
But there's someone.
isn't there?
The eyes. Marian.
they reveal your soul.
and in your soul. I see
that someone resides there.
What can you tell me
about Nottingham?
Um... it has a castle.
many taverns...
people...
-And a sheriff.
-Yes.
Do you know him?
I know his daughter.
And?
She is...
not a child.
So you do speak Norman.
The Sheriff of Nottingham
is my husband's cousin.
That's why he is the Sheriff.
The blood in that family runs
considerably thick.
The Sheriff's ambitions are.
let us say. extensive.
Would you agree?
Trust me.
a woman knows such things.
and occasionally
it would benefit to know more.
Women can help women
in that regard.
Alas. a child cannot.
Marian. do you know
why you're here?
To serve you. Your Highness.
To serve?
I can find anyone to serve me.
I asked for you directly.
Do you know why?
All in due time. You may leave.
Hey. don't you think about it!
Any sudden movement of escape.
and it will be your last.
Dead or alive.
you're coming back
to Nottingham with me.
Get up.
Hyah!
Come on! Come on!
Whoa. whoa. whoa...
did you see her?
-What?!
-Did you see her?
-See who?
-A woman. blonde hair.
As naked as the day is long.
I swear it... I swear it!
How do you know it was Godda?
I've seen her before.
You've seen Godda before?
When I was a little one.
Me ma called me...
Little John.
on account of me size.
She was a good woman.
But me old man was mean.
rotten to the core.
He had two children before me.
he murdered both.
On account of
there weren't enough to eat.
One night. he came home
in a drunken rage.
Ma hid me. He was so mad.
He beat her.
I can still hear her screams.
That's when I saw Godda.
Was she naked?
She gave me her knife.
and it filled me
with... not anger.
Courage.
'Cause next thing I buried
that knife deep in his back.
You killed your old man?
Ended his wickedness.
And saved Ma.
And it set me
on my own path of wickedness.
Killed ten men since.
Ain't never told no one
till this day.
Murder is a wretched thing.
Haunts you like a shadow.
We didn't kill no one.
Well. here's to him then.
But you did. didn't you?
Captain of the garrison.
You killed a Norman captain?
That's why them soldiers came?
They killed my father.
and he did nothing.
I lost my mother.
I lost my home.
My life.
The Sheriff took everything.
and I wish him dead.
Dead and in the ground.
You've got the blood
of a Wild Aedric in you.
You'll live.
Here.
Chew it.
Use it like a poultice.
Pain?
Well...
just remember that
no man has ever earned
a name worth having without it.
Father. It's Aronne. he's gone.
Aronne's gone
after Locksley. no doubt.
Sire. we should wait
for the Sheriff. as he said.
We don't need the Sheriff.
We're gonna kill that bastard.
if my son hasn't
killed him already.
Horses?
A man.
Hm?!
No! No!
Ralph. run!
Run!
Run. John!
No!
My boy!
I... I tried...
to make you...
proud...
No...
my boy...
Locksley!
I'll kill you! Locksley!
Go! Go!
Go!
Go. Rob!
Rob!
Aah! Wait. Rob!
Get up!
Go. Rob!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org